1. What does a ~ represent in a file path?
	a relative path 
2. What is an absolute path and how can you determine if a path is an absolute path.
	absolute path has /(directory or file name), the names of each directory/file will be on your command land prior to the $
3. Where does a relative path start from on the file system?
	home
4. Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of your ~/Downloads directory using a relative path while working in your ~/Documents/cis190 directory.
	ls ~/downloads
5. Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of a sub-directory called “test” inside of your current location using a relative path.
	ls -R test1.html
6. Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of a directory named Desktop inside of the your home directory using an absolute path.
	ls /home/codespace/desktop
7. Why do Unix/Linux utilities have a singular purpose?
	to perform various tasks efficently and effectively  	
8. What is the best command to run to verify that this file is in the proper location and has the contents you intended?
	less 
Copy the following text from this quiz and paste it inside your file.

		Put your answers to the questions on the next line after the question and indented over to the right:
			a.  How do you get your previous command to appear on the command line without retyping it? 
				up arrow
			b. Using a relative path what would the command be to show the contents of a directory one level higher than your current location?
				cd .. 
			c. Using an absolute path (not using the tilde shortcut) give the command to open a file in your home directory called SampleFile.txt with the vi editor.
				    cd /home, vi SampleFile.txt (however this function does not work, everything i read said it should so im confused. 
			d.What is the command to display the manual page for the less paging utility? 
				man less
			e. What is the command to search forward through the manual page for the string “input”
				/input
			f. What is the command to find the next match for your search? 
				n for forward Shift + n for backwards

